

Erowid Experience Vaults: DMT (Changa) - A Dip in The Changa Ocean - 103250
















#message { background: #ffcc55; border: 1px solid #000000; }
#message-inner-lg { font: 700 10.5pt georgia,times,serif; color: #220000; }
#message-inner-md { font: 700 10.5pt arial,sans-serif; color: #220000; padding-bottom: 5px; }
#message-inner-sm { font: 700 13pt georgia,times,serif; color: #660000; }

More than 2 million people use Erowid every month...
but only 100 of those contribute financially.
If you use Erowid, PLEASE DONATE!



	var mTimeExpired = 1413951308000;
	var mDate = new Date();
	if (mDate.getDate() < mTimeExpired) {  
	   SendQuietRequest("https://www.erowid.org/cgi-bin/messages/message_view_record.php?message_id=179&page_url=/experiences/exp.php&Q&ID=103250&E&"); 
	}






A Dip in The Changa Ocean
DMT (Changa)
by HotPotatoe
Citation:   HotPotatoe. "A Dip in The Changa Ocean: An Experience with DMT (Changa) (ID 103250)". Erowid.org. Apr 29, 2014. erowid.org/exp/103250



 




DOSE:
  
smoked
DMT
(plant material)





BODY WEIGHT:
8 kg





I started taking psychedelics 12 years ago and up until last year had taken LSD and mushrooms 12 times in total. In the last 7 months I've experimented at least once but not more than three times a month with LSD, mushrooms and MDMA (16 times in total). I've been reading about DMT for 11 years. Nothing could prepare me for what I experienced. The utter reality of it. My experience was only a dip in the ocean which is this medicine and although I felt a little disappointed that it was not as strong as I would have liked (I didn't pop the 'membrane') this taster has left me feeling less apprehensive, more curious about the godmother of psychedelics and wanting to go much further. 

Companions: One fellow Pyschonaut S and our sitter Doc, an experienced DMT user who would set us up but wait outside in the sun till we had finished. 

Setting: S and I on her bed. It was daytime outside so closed the windows and blinds. A little table held all our equipment and a candle holder with 5 lit candles gave us the light we needed to set up. There was also light coming through the top half of the bedroom door. I had prepared pillows for my head and under the knees to ensure total comfort. 

[Next time I would do it in the evening and in a completely darkened room. I have a preference for closed eye visuals and internal reflection. I wanted a blank canvas to take DMT, no music, a silent sitter, no light. I felt like this was the best way to understand what lies beyond my perceived daily reality and help me delve deeper into my self.]

Preparation: I had not eaten anything heavy the night before and fasted during the day. Even though we were smoking and not taking it orally or injecting, my stomach reacts easily when I take drugs. 

Mindset (prior to dose): Being both our first time we are nervous and excited. We'd been waiting to do this for well over 10 months. I meditated on the half an hour walk to S's house but was still nervous. Most of my trips have been enlightening and extraordinary experiences although I rarely have strong hallucinations. I have had one very bad trip after sipping 4 drops of liquid LSD very early on in my relationship with psychedelics. The memory of this made me nervous about what I would experience on DMT. 

Dose prep: We had a small glass bowl, the head smaller than the average bong head. I'd say about 1cm in depth and width at the crown. We curled a wire in a spiral which fit neatly at the bottom. I took one hit – about half a bowl. I held it in and closed my eyes. I saw white curls and curves of very square geometrical shapes, the curls and curves becoming fractals very quickly. However it was not the hit I was looking for. It reminded me of the first moments after an acid peak has started to come down. 

I took another hit of the roughly the same amount. The same patterns and fractals but with colours very vividly coming through, the geometrical 3D fractals / shell shapes made up of 'squares' were filled with coloured light.....but still, when I opened my eyes the light almost made it disappear. I got the familiar body sensation, the clear and very physical feeling of drugs in my body. It reminded my of the very physical body aspect of MDMA. The lightness of which comes with muscle relaxation. But it was not enough. We called the Doc. 

Doc prepared a hit filling the bowl almost to the top. I took a long drag, taking it in to the point where it hurt a little. Exhale and another. This time I held it in for longer and lay back, and as I exhaled I lost total connection with my body.  

The Experience: Immediately the fractals I had seen earlier became more vivid, stronger, more alive and were growing out into the distance, becoming tall colourful 'towers'. There tops meeting in a far distance point. It created this sense of being in a dome. These towers were made up of many tubes, creating squares which were twisting round to resemble DNA style shell-like patterns...this is the shape which was growing into the 'towers'. The tubes making up the squares were filled with pounding colourful light. I can feel my left index finger twitching, my right eye twitching,

Four figures come above me, I can only see the silhouettes of heads and shoulders, one above, one below, and two one each side. Behind them continued beats, pulses, from the fractals, the shapes, reaching out infinitely.  

The four figures immediately spoke:

“where have you been?!”, “we've been waiting for you!” “there is so much to show you”. 

It was very fast and very strong. It was very warm and very welcoming. I felt incredibly happy.

Just while they were speaking I start to hear a ringing noise which gets louder and in the distance, behind them, I could see the beginnings of small elven-like creatures, laughing, beckoning me to come and play...the scene playing behind the four figures, the DNA towers of light filled tubes and the elves, start to slide away from one another. Behind them I can now see the beginnings of a vast expansive of the universe and I was ready to dive in...the ringing is getting louder

Someone in the room speaks. 

Coming Down: The voice made me open my eyes. I look at Doc and I can see the colour-sqare towers in the room. I close my eyes. I suddenly realised I have not always been in this state. I have taken drugs and thats why I am like this. It hit me like a revelation. I started to laugh. I move the sweater. Its not good. No light. Its starting to fade. I need it to be dark but its too late. Its not coming back. I feel very quickly my cognitive awareness coming back, the colours, shapes, shades and visions having all but gone.

Post-Trip: About half an hour after the trip had ended, while drinking tea the Doc prepared I was struck by how clear my mind was. The was a strong sense of clarity and my body felt lighter. Literally like it had been cleaned out. I could not stop smiling to myself in awe at what I had just experienced. It hadn't gone through those sliding doors but the taster had left me satisfied and encouraged about exploration with DMT.

There is a lot of discussion around DMT and the discarnate entities one could encounter and the only thing I can do is add my experience to the collective. I have my own theories and thoughts around what it all means. I am sure most pyschonauts do. I have read Straussman but never McKenna. There is not particular reason why. If there is anyone looking for a truly fascinating discussion on DMT and 'other worlds' you cannot go wrong with this article by Jon Hanna  -
https://www.erowid.org/chemicals/dmt/dmt_article3.shtml


Exp Year: 2014ExpID: 103250
Gender: Female 
Age at time of experience: 30 
Published: Apr 29, 2014Views: 7,566
[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
[ Switch Colors ]



 



Experience Reports are the writings and opinions of the individual authors who submit them.
Some of the activities described are dangerous and/or illegal and none are recommended by Erowid Center.



Erowid Experience Vault
© 1995-2014 Erowid














