

Erowid Experience Vaults: MDMA (Ecstasy), Mushrooms - P. cubensis & Alcohol - She Gave Me an Ace of Spades - 11725
















#message { background: #ddaa00; width: 610px; border: 1px solid #000000; }
#message-inner-lg { font: 700 12.5pt georgia,times,serif; color: #000000; }
#message-inner-sm { font-size: 9pt; padding-top: 5px; padding-bottom: 2px; color: #000000; }


Erowid is a one-of-a-kind resource

We are an educational non-profit dedicated to providing a balanced
examination of psychoactive drugs and drug use--to reduce harms,
improve benefits, and support appropriate policies. The site is made
possible by $5, $10, and $50 donations from visitors. Please pitch in!



	var mTimeExpired = 1414038076000;
	var mDate = new Date();
	if (mDate.getDate() < mTimeExpired) {  
	   SendQuietRequest("https://www.erowid.org/cgi-bin/messages/message_view_record.php?message_id=211&page_url=/experiences/exp.php&Q&ID=11725&E&"); 
	}






She Gave Me an Ace of Spades
MDMA (Ecstasy), Mushrooms - P. cubensis & Alcohol
by Osage
Citation:   Osage. "She Gave Me an Ace of Spades: An Experience with MDMA (Ecstasy), Mushrooms - P. cubensis & Alcohol (ID 11725)". Erowid.org. Apr 10, 2008. erowid.org/exp/11725



 




DOSE: T+ 0:00
1 tablet
oral
MDMA
(pill / tablet)


  T+ 0:15
4.0 g
oral
Mushrooms - P. cubensis
(dried)


  T+ 0:00
6 glasses
oral
Alcohol - Beer/Wine
(liquid)


  T+ 0:00
  shots
oral
Alcohol - Hard
(liquid)





BODY WEIGHT:
190 lb





Having planned on a psychedelic journey to welcome in the New Year, I was highly excite to experience the magic of two of my favorite psychedelics - E and Shrooms.  I was invited to a house party that night with about 20-25 close friends already there.  I had planned to take everything so that I would peak out right at midnight to welcome in the New Year.  Being experienced with these two items for several years while back in college, I had no doubts for what I was about to partake in.  I have never experienced the two together before, so I lowered the normal dosage of E that I take.  This particular experience I would like to share because this time the images was so lucid than ever before, almost like an Acid trip.  The times are only an estimate:

11:30pm -took 1 tablet MDMA, drank beers in the meantime

11:45pm -took 4 grams of P. Cubes, drank beers in the mean time and shots of Cognac. 

12:15am -feel shroom buzz coming on-starts in the stomach and moves to head in a total body vibration-tingly.  It took awhile to get here,  on a full stomach.  Stopped drinking.

12:30am -E started to kick in-body felt cold and hot in flashes and the shroom experience was ready for lift off.

Lights were colorful, more then normally compare to past journeys, very starry.  Images were trailing  and appeared as flashes as I turned my head as if they were pictures of still life.  Dots like bright stars of blue and yellow were becoming very noticeable, interfering with my vision.  Tracings of Geometrical patterns were forming on my visual plane-constantly swirling.  Got on a bad thought circle thinking “I’ve done it to myself this time.” Quickly, I realized what I was doing and I talked myself out of the thought circle. 

1:00am -E & Cubes began to peak.  Confusion sets in.  Voices blurry and loud coming from all directions.  Easily irritated by others at the party.  Must find silence.  Finding a quiet dimly lit room with just a few people, I felt the urge to talk openly and gently with others in the room - must be the E talking.

1:15am -hitting plateau. In this somewhat quiet room listening to music, progressive trance, I sat 'indian style' on the floor.  The urge to talk disappeared.  Entering pure bliss as I was induced into a trance.  Open eye visuals becoming real clear-faces morphing with shades of green and purplish skin-voices slowed down from people around me, barely understandable.  Tom’s arm seemed about 6 foot long dangling to the floor as he sat in a chair in the same room.  Hard to keep my eyes and attention open to the room’s setting at this time - something was drawing me away to another world.  The closed-eye visuals are the only thing visible.

The “Jack” character from a deck of cards were greeting me into this new world built out of mystical colors and geometrical patterns, then 10 identical “Jacks” surrounded me holding out their hands for a handshake - very annoying.  Looking up, I see two black shadows of the Goddess watching over me on both sides, my right and left, offering her protection.  Appearing as her Black Shadow Form, she handed me an Ace of Spades - vanishing the annoying “Jacks”.  I think I got this vision because at one time I had gambling problems.  Once again I felt she had saved me.

Besides the shades of black, everything else by now is in electric neon colors.  I now found myself levitated within an ancient temple of the Goddess.  Everything inside  was formed from tiny geometrical patterns-again in multicolor of electric neon.  In the middle of the temple, on a rotating altar, under glass, surrounded by spikes, the head of a former God of past world, rotating.  I don’t know how or why I was thinking this but it was so clear at the time of what it was that I was seeing.  I am just blown away by all the colors found in this temple, nothing was dull and all the colors  were not natural to the world that I‘ve known.  Colorful images of transparent shrooms appear and disappears inside the temple.  Sculptures on the wall and statues depicting an ancient time morphed to sound of music forming mystical Aztec/Buddhist type faces and figures for my amusement, teaching me the universe’s secrets and history.  Once again a feeling of enlightenment came over me.

Unaware of how much time has passed, I slowly sinked back into the world that I am bound to, reality, realizing that I can only be a visitor to my Goddess’ world.  The visions fade quickly, realizing I have been sitting on the floor in the same position in the room by myself for quite awhile now.  I was now ready to join the rest of the party again, finding it was already over.  Joining some of the people who were still there, I notice they still had greenish shades on there faces.  It was close to 5 in the morning, hints of “shroom vision” was still noticeable  but the E had totally wore off.  I just chilled and remain silent, just observing the people who were around me, overwhelmed by the visions that has passed.  

From this experience, like past experiences, I feel that I am more in-tuned with the universe than before.  My sympathies go out to those who are ignorant to this world and beyond, a world that I’ve explored many times.  Felt the usual “the day after E feeling” the following day - a small price to pay for spiritual enlightenment.


Exp Year: 2001ExpID: 11725
Gender: Male 
Age at time of experience: Not Given 
Published: Apr 10, 2008Views: 5,892
[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
[ Switch Colors ]



 



Experience Reports are the writings and opinions of the individual authors who submit them.
Some of the activities described are dangerous and/or illegal and none are recommended by Erowid Center.



Erowid Experience Vault
© 1995-2014 Erowid














