

Erowid Experience Vaults: Salvia divinorum (15x Extract) - Makes me Happy to be Normal - 55317















Against the drug war but not sure what to do about it?
Join Erowid and help us spread accurate, independent information.



	var mTimeExpired = 1414039601000;
	var mDate = new Date();
	if (mDate.getDate() < mTimeExpired) {  
	   SendQuietRequest("https://www.erowid.org/cgi-bin/messages/message_view_record.php?message_id=122&page_url=/experiences/exp.php&Q&ID=55317&E&"); 
	}






Makes me Happy to be Normal
Salvia divinorum (15x Extract)
by DoperOneToker
Citation:   DoperOneToker. "Makes me Happy to be Normal: An Experience with Salvia divinorum (15x Extract) (ID 55317)". Erowid.org. Mar 5, 2009. erowid.org/exp/55317



 




DOSE:
1 hit
smoked
Salvia divinorum
(extract)





BODY WEIGHT:
200 lb





As many other of the reports I also agree this is not a drug to get high off of. I actually threw this junk away after I tried it once or twice. I am 18 years old quit doing drugs to pass a drug test for work so I thought I would try this stuff since all the reports compared it to LSD. After I received this shit in the mail I couldn't wait to try it out. 

I went out to my garage and packed a bowl and filled it a little over half full. I exhaled a deep breath and then lit the bowl and ripped it hard. This stuff taste so bad as if I was smoking a weed dipped in antifreeze. I held the hit in as long as I could then exhaled. About 3 seconds went by and the thought ran threw my head man I just got ripped off I don't feel nothing, and before I finished that sentence in my head I fell into a sort of trance. 

It felt like someone was pulling down on my face and I felt like I had a 104 degree fever. I ripped the shirt off my body confused worst than i've ever been. I was swaying back in forth I couldn't feel my body at all and I could see my garage window in a distorted view swaying back and forth. The thing that was running threw my mind was I don't know if I can get out of this. I could barely stand so I sat down on the mower in my garage. 

Then I felt that terrible feeling of being pulled on my face with that nasty ass taste in my mouth and also feeling like I was on fire. Freaked out I amazingly got up and started to walk up my house (keep in mind this was only like 45 seconds after I ripped the bowl). As I walked up to my house I was looking at the ground and the world was totally different. The only thing i could really remember is the ground, i was walking in the grass and i thought i could see threw the ground...the only way i can explain it is normal reality we know the world is many miles deep below us, well i thought the ground was only a few feet thick and i was about to fall threw so i was hurrying to get into my house. when i approached my deck on my house I then thought the world was going to end...like what was stopping the world from changing or ending at anytime...unlike the way we usually think and just expect and rely on everything on earth to be the same everyday.

After that I tried it a few other times to see if it would do anything different. It was the same everytime. It wouldn't be bad if it didn't make me feel all hot and make it feel like someone's pulling my face down. 

Fergie


Exp Year: 2006ExpID: 55317
Gender: Male 
Age at time of experience: Not Given 
Published: Mar 5, 2009Views: 3,110
[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
[ Switch Colors ]



 



Experience Reports are the writings and opinions of the individual authors who submit them.
Some of the activities described are dangerous and/or illegal and none are recommended by Erowid Center.



Erowid Experience Vault
© 1995-2014 Erowid














