

Erowid Experience Vaults: Salvia divinorum (15x Extract) - Trapped - 51641
















#message { background: #99ff66; border: 1px solid #000000; }
#message-inner-lg { font: 700 12.5pt georgia,times,serif; color: #1111aa; }
#message-inner-md { font: 700 9.5pt arial,sans-serif; color: #1111aa; }
#message-inner-sm { font: 700 9.5pt arial,sans-serif; color: #1111aa; }

You've Helped Erowid Reach New Heights!
More than 1,060 of you donated during our Public Support Drive
Thanks for supporting reliable harm-reduction information about psychoactive drugs!



	var mTimeExpired = 1414039598000;
	var mDate = new Date();
	if (mDate.getDate() < mTimeExpired) {  
	   SendQuietRequest("https://www.erowid.org/cgi-bin/messages/message_view_record.php?message_id=260&page_url=/experiences/exp.php&Q&ID=51641&E&"); 
	}






Trapped
Salvia divinorum (15x Extract)
by Phonotron
Citation:   Phonotron. "Trapped: An Experience with Salvia divinorum (15x Extract) (ID 51641)". Erowid.org. Sep 12, 2007. erowid.org/exp/51641



 




DOSE:
250 mg
smoked
Salvia divinorum
(extract)





BODY WEIGHT:
210 lb





Set:
I was looking for a powerful experience, something to knock me down and renew my sense of wonder.  I did some research, and though I had tried Salvia once before, buying a bag of dried leaves by mail order, and then chewing it, drinking it, and finally smoking it, without experiencing any effect, I happened to read about it again online, where it said that it is “The most potent naturally-occurring hallucinogen known.”  It described again all these powerful effects that I’d heard it capable of before, so I became keen on acquiring some to give it another try, especially because I thought any day now it could be made illegal.  So I called around and found a head shop that sold it in the more potent smokable extract form.  I bought a gram of 'purple sticky' 15X extract.

Setting:
I waited till the evening, when my wife was putting our son to bed.  I was tired, and felt like it might not be the best time, but I made a comfortable place for myself on the floor, dimmed the lights, and got some Turkish belly-dancing music ready.  So I wouldn’t smoke out the house, I took a packed bowl of it outside to smoke, thinking I’d at least have time to get inside and lay down before it took effect.  I sat on the bottom step outside, about six feet from the door and lit up.

Experience:
Well, I only got to the third hit before I got walloped.  Even though I had read such red flag statements as “The first 5 minutes after smoking extract are very intense, and should be experienced lying or sitting down, eyes closed”, and “body control, awareness of externalities, and individual personality can disappear with even modest amounts”, when the trip came on, I was still taken very much by surprise.

It came on hard and fast.  I heard voices, and my vision turned into a sort of flattened, repeating bank of vertical windows, and my immediate impression was that some horrible cosmic joke had been played on me.  That I had being seized and trapped in another dimension, and that life as I knew it before had been some sort of temporary experiment, but that now I was being reclaimed by some outside entity.  The walls of existence as I knew it were collapsing, and let me tell you, it was terrifying!  Right away I felt by instinct the impulsion to hold onto what I held dear and to fight it off, so with all my strength I struggled through the paralysis to turn away, a feeling perhaps like a circle trying to become a sphere, and forced myself to crawl away and get inside the house, where somehow I felt I’d be safe.  Like I said, I was hearing voices, and though I don’t remember anything they said, they led me to believe that this was what was happening to me.  It was like “So you want to get knocked on your ass and meet an entheogenic spirit huh??  Well here we are! and we’ve got you now!”  

My wife later said she heard a feeble hand at the knob and went to lent me in, and she said that she saw me leaning against the wall outside, drooling and incoherent, and when she let me in I crawled a little ways and stopped, refusing or unable to move, before it started to wear off and she led me to lay down in the living room.  She asked if I wanted the music on, but I didn't like the way it was sounding.  At that point I couldn’t remember how I’d gotten inside, and was asking her if one of the neighbors had found me and led me in.  I felt hot, and itchy, and afraid, and I couldn’t think straight, but it wore off pretty quickly, the whole thing was only about 20 mintues, and I was able to take a shower and talk about what I’d experienced.   Needless to say it was very scary for my wife as well as myself.  

Crazy as it may sound, I intend to try it again sometime, though laying down, and with a more experienced sitter present.  I wish I'd read the trip reports here beforehand, so I might not have been so immediately taken aback.  I would think that no matter how real it seemed, I would be able to reflect that I was under the influence of something, and tried to relax, but it was just too overwhelming.  Now that I've heard of similar experiences, however, and have had a few days back in my right mind, I think I might be able to ride it out better next time.


Exp Year: 2006ExpID: 51641
Gender: Male 
Age at time of experience: Not Given 
Published: Sep 12, 2007Views: 4,544
[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
[ Switch Colors ]



 



Experience Reports are the writings and opinions of the individual authors who submit them.
Some of the activities described are dangerous and/or illegal and none are recommended by Erowid Center.



Erowid Experience Vault
© 1995-2014 Erowid














