

Erowid Experience Vaults: Salvia divinorum (40x extract) - And Behind Door #3... - 57832
















#message { background: #eeaa00; border: 1px solid #000000; }
#message-inner-md { font: 700 13pt arial,sans-serif; letter-spacing: .05em; color: #111111; }
#message-inner-sm { font: 700 9pt arial,sans-serif; color: #111111; padding-top: 8px; }

Donate $125 and get a fantastic hand-made glass molecule.
(Choose from chemicals like serotonin, caffeine, mescaline, DMT, or MDMA!)



	var mTimeExpired = 1414039444000;
	var mDate = new Date();
	if (mDate.getDate() < mTimeExpired) {  
	   SendQuietRequest("https://www.erowid.org/cgi-bin/messages/message_view_record.php?message_id=85&page_url=/experiences/exp.php&Q&ID=57832&E&"); 
	}






And Behind Door #3...
Salvia divinorum (40x extract)
by Phrank the tonsil
Citation:   Phrank the tonsil. "And Behind Door #3...: An Experience with Salvia divinorum (40x extract) (ID 57832)". Erowid.org. Sep 19, 2009. erowid.org/exp/57832



 




DOSE:
1 hit
smoked
Salvia divinorum
(extract)





BODY WEIGHT:
180 lb





About a year ago, last Christmas I forget who got it, but there had been some salvia floating around, as it had only recently come to notoriety in our neck of the woods (Bruce County, Ontario). Someone had gone up to Toronto after reading about the 'legal acid-like' substance in some online news page, to get some from the High Times. Anyway, I remember having returned from a school field trip, and my folks were away, and me, my brother, and a couple buddies of mine had planned on trying the stuff. Now, I'd never done hallucinogens at the time (because our town is pretty committed to coke and E, we rarely get interesting drugs) so I wasn't cautious but willing to try it. 

The guy at High Times had sold us some 20X, some 40x, and a dime of 80x. Before that night, my brother had tried it, and had a great time, describing mild and pleasant hallucinations off of the 20x, like seeing a giant bouncing ball. So we sat down, and prepared ourselves. I watched a friend of mine do it first. He packed a bowl of 20x and took a hit out our back door, and within seconds was completely gone. We didn't realize we'd need someone to get him to a couch. Walking down a five foot stretch of hall became nearly impossible as he squirmed and shook his head. When we finally got him to sit down, he was really freaking out, so we tried to get him to close his eyes. He obliged once, before opening them right after and then suddenly lunging forward and began chewing on a cardboard box. We did eventually get him to slow down and sit back. That did the trick, as soon as he closed his eyes, he seemed very calm and relaxed. 

After ten minutes he opened up his eyes and gave us all surprised looks, like he had no comprehension as to how he ended up where he was. He told us about a great trip, involving him and the world being cut in two but a boot. Sounded very interesting. The entire thing only lasted about 15 minutes total, and he was not only very coherent afterwards, he said he felt much better. He really enjoyed the salvia trip, but I was up next. I packed a bowl of 40x, as I was hoping for a longer trip than he had. I remember standing in the doorway leading to my backyard and taking a punch-bowl out of a dry bong, as we had read this was the most economic way to ingest the stuff (and considering how expensive it was, we weren’t anxious to waste it). My stomach had a knot in it, and I began to get slightly nervous. Finally, I took the bowl using a torch, and held it in. I exhaled after a moment, and looked forward.

My vision kind of concaved into itself, and I felt my eyes roll to the back of my head. The next few minutes do not exist at all in my memory, and I have no idea what happened. But all of a sudden I found myself sitting in an apartment. I was building something out of Lego with two other people, and I could see vast stretches of city outside. This was very brief though, and soon, I was staring at two large Lego beings. I do not know what else was there, but everything had turned vaguely cartoon-ish, or like it was made out of plastercine. Suddenly I was filled with panic and anxiety, and then I felt the notorious feeling during which I suddenly saw existence for what it is, and understand that life up until that point has been a lie. It’s hard to describe, but it’s not a good revelation, and it’s filled me with some kind of pure, intense emotion which is incomparable to sober emotions.

I became scared of the beings, and looked around. Everything behind me had become a giant wall of Lego, and there was something written in it with different colors of blocks. Then I heard, or saw, or somehow knew the beings were sneering at me, and I began fighting them. Then I understood that they were trying to fit me into my place in the wall, which would complete the word, but would also kill me, as I would then cease to exist. Now, this may sound very interesting, but considering I had no concept that I was on a drug, it was easily the most upsetting and frightening experience I’ve ever had (save for more recent salvia trips). I fought them, I fought them so they wouldn’t kill themselves or me by putting us all into the empty spaces in the wall.

Then, all of a sudden, I fell from the sky into some kind of lake, with a pier and docks. This was a pleasant part of the trip, but like the apartment it was there and then gone so quickly. I felt my head get all shaken up, and then I finally found myself floating in the universe. I watched as some being, something so great it can’t be paralleled or conveyed in the English language, held before me four or five doors, or what looked like playing cards, with various parts of my salvia trip inside each of them, and the last one being reality. I then realized, in my drug addled mind, that if I chose the wrong door, I would be stuck there forever. This was the worst part of the trip, and I felt my spirit just wither and crumple up at the thought of not knowing what was reality. It was horrible, and I forget everything after that, up and until I woke up in a chair in my living room.

It had been a difficult trip, and considering that when I was fighting the block beings, I was really fighting my brother and a friend of mine who were trying to keep me in my chair, I felt a little badly afterwards. The most anyone’s ever said about it to me is that it’s interesting, and it is incredibly interesting but not pleasant and not casual. Every trip I’ve had or seen since had always been under fifteen minutes, but don’t take this to mean it feels like fifteen minutes. Very intense, and rarely pleasant.


Exp Year: 2006ExpID: 57832
Gender: Male 
Age at time of experience: Not Given 
Published: Sep 19, 2009Views: 3,238
[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
[ Switch Colors ]



 



Experience Reports are the writings and opinions of the individual authors who submit them.
Some of the activities described are dangerous and/or illegal and none are recommended by Erowid Center.



Erowid Experience Vault
© 1995-2014 Erowid














