

Erowid Experience Vaults: Salvia divinorum - First Natural Entheogen Experience - 1105















Against the drug war but not sure what to do about it?
Join Erowid and help us spread accurate, independent information.



	var mTimeExpired = 1414038980000;
	var mDate = new Date();
	if (mDate.getDate() < mTimeExpired) {  
	   SendQuietRequest("https://www.erowid.org/cgi-bin/messages/message_view_record.php?message_id=122&page_url=/experiences/exp.php&Q&ID=1105&E&"); 
	}






First Natural Entheogen Experience
Salvia divinorum
by HappilyAnonymous
Citation:   HappilyAnonymous. "First Natural Entheogen Experience: An Experience with Salvia divinorum (ID 1105)". Erowid.org. May 6, 2001. erowid.org/exp/1105



 




DOSE:
3.5 g
sublingual
Salvia divinorum
(leaves)





BODY WEIGHT:
180 lb






I obtained an ounce of dried Salvia divinorum leaves (Oaxacan wild harvest) on Tuesday, April 25, 2000, and decided to try a small amount on Saturday, April 29 as a test to see if this plant lived up to her reputation.  At 9 p.m. EDT I began chewing a quid of rehydrated leaves in a small dark upstairs room, while sitting on a folding chair.  I was alone except for four 12-week-old kittens who were in and out of the room.  

At 9:15 I started to feel a slight strange intoxication.  At this time I swallowed the first quid (waste not, want not!) and began another quid.  About ten minutes into the second quid I felt a presence in the room, a very large presence, which was moving closer to me.  When I closed my eyes I could see a living entity, of no definite shape, a composite plant/animal that was to me more feminine than masculine.  This being had tendrils, tentacles, foliage, hands, all in a vast shapeless mass.  

The being came closer,  emanating great power and pure love.  It engulfed me and I surrendered to her, and was in sweet repose in her loving, caring embrace.  In the process of surrendering I had what felt like a long, intense orgasm, but without ejaculation.  I could not physically talk with this being, only thinking the words 'Thank you!'.  The lovingness of her embrace, and of her spirit, was evident.  As part of her now, I vowed to extend this love to all. 

At this point the four kittens were trying to jump on my lap, and I realized the kittens were also a part of her, pure spirits, wild and free.  I had to move to the floor, as I was totally overwhelmed.  After a few minutes I found my voice, and whispered Thank You to the Goddess, the Goddess of Life.  After a while I was able to walk to the stairs and made my way downstairs, where the incredible love and teachings continued to flash in my mind.  

If I never had Salvia divinorum again I would not be unhappy in the least--what I experienced in those minutes will take the rest of my life to integrate.  I may not be able to put into words much of what I experienced, and learned, but I will try; the main thing I learned from this experience is to be a loving person, as loving as the Goddess, and to help life in all its forms.  I look forward to exploring Salvia more, with respect.  It is a powerful, sacred plant, and I'm grateful and fortunate to have met her.  I have used powerful synthetic psychotropes in the past, decades ago, and this is the first natural entheogen I have ever used; there is no comparison.  This plant is a teacher and a healer, suitable for those who are either pure in heart or who wish to be.


Exp Year: 2000ExpID: 1105
Gender: Not Specified 
Age at time of experience: Not Given 
Published: May 6, 2001Views: 26,983
[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
[ Switch Colors ]



 



Experience Reports are the writings and opinions of the individual authors who submit them.
Some of the activities described are dangerous and/or illegal and none are recommended by Erowid Center.



Erowid Experience Vault
© 1995-2014 Erowid














